README.md, before:

 Project: Personal Introduction Program

Overview
This repository contains the required files for the Personal Introduction Program, 
an initial task designed to demonstrate basic Python programming skills, including user input, 
variable handling, and output formatting.

The program asks the user a series of questions (name, age, hobby, and a professional goal) and 
then uses that information to generate a friendly, personalized welcome message.



 Technical Requirements Met

| Requirement | Implementation Details |

  User Input -  Implemented using the `input()` function for all required fields. 
  Variables -  Four separate variables (`user_name`, `user_age_str`, `user_hobby`, `user_goal`) are used to store user data. 
  Display Message - The welcome message is displayed using the `print()` function. 
 Question Count -  The program asks 4 questions, exceeding the minimum of 3. 
 



 How to Run the Program

Since the program uses only basic, built-in Python functionality, it is very simple to run.

1.  **Download:** Download the `personal_intro.py` file to your local computer.
2.  **Execute:** Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command:
    ```bash
    python personal_intro.py
    ```

## 📸 Proof of Execution
A screenshot of the successful script execution, showing the user inputs and the final generated welcome message, is provided in `screenshot.png`.

Commit message:

Revise implementation details in README
Updated variable names and added details about output formatting.

README.md, after:

 Project: Personal Introduction Program

Overview
This repository contains the required files for the Personal Introduction Program, 
an initial task designed to demonstrate basic Python programming skills, including user input, 
variable handling, and output formatting.

The program asks the user a series of questions (name, age, hobby, and a professional goal) and 
then uses that information to generate a friendly, personalized welcome message.



 Technical Requirements Met

  | Requirement | Implementation Details |

  User Input -  Implemented using the `input()` function for all required fields. 
  Variables -  Four separate variables (`name`, `age`, `hobby`, `city`) are used to store user data. 
  Display Message - The welcome message is displayed using the `print()` function. 
 Question Count -  The program asks 4 questions, exceeding the minimum of 3. 
 Friendly Output - Uses *f-strings* to embed user data seamlessly and includes separator lines (`=`) and an emoji (`✨`) for a welcoming output. 



 How to Run the Program

Since the program uses only basic, built-in Python functionality, it is very simple to run.

1.  **Download:** Download the `personal_intro.py` file to your local computer.
2.  **Execute:** Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command:
    ```bash
    python personal_intro.py
    ```

## 📸 Proof of Execution
A screenshot of the successful script execution, showing the user inputs and the final generated welcome message, is provided in `screenshot.png`.
